# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile requirements.in
aiobotocore==2.13.1
    # via s3fs
aiofiles==24.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
aiohttp==3.9.5
    # via
    #   aiobotocore
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-fireworks
    #   s3fs
aioitertools==0.11.0
    # via aiobotocore
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.4.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   openai
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
attrs==23.2.0
    # via aiohttp
authlib==1.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
botocore==1.34.131
    # via aiobotocore
certifi==2024.7.4
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
cryptography==42.0.8
    # via
    #   authlib
    #   pyjwt
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via langchain-community
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
dnspython==2.6.1
    # via email-validator
duckdb==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   duckdb-engine
duckdb-engine==0.13.0
    # via -r requirements.in
email-validator==2.2.0
    # via fastapi
fastapi==0.111.0
    # via -r requirements.in
fastapi-cli==0.0.4
    # via fastapi
fireworks-ai==0.14.0
    # via langchain-fireworks
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2024.6.1
    # via s3fs
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.5
    # via httpx
httptools==0.6.1
    # via uvicorn
httpx==0.27.0
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   fireworks-ai
    #   openai
httpx-sse==0.4.0
    # via fireworks-ai
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   email-validator
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
itsdangerous==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via fastapi
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via botocore
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
langchain==0.2.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-community
langchain-community==0.2.7
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-core==0.2.17
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-fireworks
    #   langchain-text-splitters
langchain-fireworks==0.1.5
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-text-splitters==0.2.2
    # via langchain
langsmith==0.1.85
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via jinja2
marshmallow==3.21.3
    # via dataclasses-json
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
multidict==6.0.5
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via typing-inspect
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   pyarrow
openai==1.35.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-fireworks
orjson==3.10.6
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   langsmith
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   duckdb-engine
    #   langchain-core
    #   marshmallow
pillow==10.4.0
    # via fireworks-ai
polars==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pyarrow==16.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.8.2
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   fireworks-ai
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.20.1
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.3.4
    # via -r requirements.in
pygments==2.18.0
    # via rich
pyjwt==2.8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via botocore
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   uvicorn
python-multipart==0.0.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   uvicorn
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-fireworks
    #   langsmith
rich==13.7.1
    # via typer
s3fs==2024.6.1
    # via -r requirements.in
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
six==1.16.0
    # via python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   openai
sqlalchemy==2.0.31
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   duckdb-engine
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
starlette==0.37.2
    # via fastapi
tenacity==8.5.0
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
tqdm==4.66.4
    # via openai
typer==0.12.3
    # via fastapi-cli
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typer
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
ujson==5.10.0
    # via fastapi
urllib3==2.2.2
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   requests
uvicorn==0.30.1
    # via fastapi
uvloop==0.19.0
    # via uvicorn
watchfiles==0.22.0
    # via uvicorn
websockets==12.0
    # via uvicorn
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via aiobotocore
yarl==1.9.4
    # via aiohttp
